Every year, thousands of truck drivers from all over the world
crisscross the European continent.
They work hard to make ends meet for their families,
but often have to spend weeks away from home.
Jesus and His apostles approach people wherever they were.
It is the same spirit that must motivate us.
By trying to reach truck drivers, wherever they can be found,
we can make sure that everyone receives a witness,
even those who would otherwise be missed.
We live in a Rotterdam area which has a lot of truck traffic.
We cover our regular territory once every three months,
while these truck drivers are hardly ever reached.
We noticed that 300,000 trucks cross France every year.
Thus, it was necessary to explore this formidable potential for the ministry.
Many truck drivers use truck stops to take a short break
or even spend the night there.
That's ideal for preaching.
While we are parked here resting,
we are cleaning the truck,
we are washing our clothes,
because there is no laundry here,
and also we are cooking.
One day, on my way to France,
I had to stop in Austria
to swap drivers.
My colleague went to the bathroom and I was alone.
At that moment, a witness came and offered me a magazine.
Much effort is being put into reaching truck drivers in an organized way.
We made sure all truck stops were mapped
and organized schedules so that pioneers can preach in this territory at least once a day.
Publishers will encounter many different nationalities and languages.
The language barrier is one of the biggest challenges.
On any given morning, you can encounter up to ten different languages,
Romanian, Russian, Polish.
When I looked at the magazine,
I saw that it was a watchtower.
But I thought it was in German.
I told this brother that I did not speak German.
Then he had a look at my license plate
and I saw that it was Romanian.
He again offered me the magazine and told me,
it is Romanian, it is for you.
When I saw it, I was very happy.
I took the magazine and was very glad.
Of course, we don't speak in tongues like the first century Christians did,
but JW.org makes us feel like we can preach in any language.
We need to go further than just distributing publications.
We need to be real teachers.
And to do that, we can make use of the video.
A driver had his Bible wide open on his dashboard
and literally cried when he watched the video.
Why study the Bible?
Since truck drivers spend most of the time on the road,
it is a real challenge to follow up on those who have shown any interest.
It's very difficult to do return visits or to start Bible studies.
You just don't know when you will meet a truck driver again,
so we try to get their email addresses as soon as possible.
The results were remarkable.
For example, in the last service year,
around 100,000 magazines were placed.
100 Bible studies were started,
and 4,000 videos were shown.
Experience shows that even if it's not possible to obtain an email address,
the slightest witness given can have a great impact.
In time, I returned to Romania.
I started a Bible study, progressed spiritually, got married,
and now I am an unbaptized publisher.
The brother that first contacted me has no idea.
The more you invest in this form of ministry,
the more fulfillment you get from the positive response of the driver.
It is a good thing to preach the good news at truck stops.
Because all drivers need to feel God's love,
to see that God really cares for us,
and like me, they can make changes in their lives.
And they need to see that Jehovah has promised a future paradise,
and how this will affect them and their families.